[Autogenerated] the final way of learning that I would like to talk to you
about is using your free tier account for personal projects.
This is going to require you to have a deep understanding of the
various AWS services and how they all fit together.
But it's also going to help you build your confidence in what
you've learned about AWS because you will not have a step by step
procedure to walk you through the process.
You will be required to figure it all out,
and if you have trouble shooting issues,
you're gonna have to figure it out.
Some ideas for personal projects include the following
got to WordPress site using E C two with RDS.
Create a custom vpc within at Gateway, deploy a website using Amazon,
S3 and cloudfront.
Create a lambda function to backup EBS volumes use elastic beanstalk to deploy
API HP application and create a CloudFormation template from scratch that does
any of these projects that I've mentioned here or use your imagination and come
up with something completely different.
There are all kinds of great projects that you can come up with to test your
mental model and make sure that you understand AWS most of all,
you wanna have fun Azure doing this as you explore AWS and as you learn and as you ultimately become a NATO Bs master.